PLOYPAT PINPLOYPETCH
What's going on, Mook?
I have to tell you something.
It's up to you to believe me or not.
I went to get my camera fixed.
Because I had dropped it.
I thought it wasn't working properly.
But the guy at the shop said
there was nothing wrong.
So I had some photos printed.
The thing is…
I got suspicious of Praewa when Kin died.
That's why I was following her
and taking photos of her.
One time, I ran into her
in the ladies' room,
and she was chanting something.
Here.
Look at these, from the first photo,
there is a dark shadow
following her everywhere.
It gets darker and darker.
Whose photos are these, Dan?
Why is there a dark shadow like Praewa's?
She's...
Praewa's adoptive mother.
It looks like they know how to perform
some kind of occult ritual.
If Praewa is really connected
to these people,
that explains the deaths
of Kin, Ping, and Professor Pat.
Hey…
Are you saying that
Praewa…
used black magic to do that?
Just think about when Praewa
was attacked by Aya.
It's not surprising
that Praewa would do this.
It's revenge.
Nobody
would believe this.
What we can do now
is to tell everyone to be careful.
You too, Khaimook.
PLOYPAT PINPLOYPETCH
BORN: AUGUST 28, 1985
DIED: APRIL 30, 2020
Here.
Just a moment.
-Okay, thank you.
-All good?
Okay, thank you.
AUTO LOAN
MIKE
I'LL GIVE YOU THREE DAYS
TO PAY THE REST OF WHAT YOU OWE ME
You want to be me, huh?
Even in the next life…
you could never be like me.
And it was Professor Pat
who told Nat and Brave
to tell everyone
that it was you in the clip.
Whatever you say, no one will believe you.
Find the woman in that clip,
because it's her…
who put black magic on you.
It's beautiful up here.
That's why…
you come here often.
Please stop this, Praewa,
if you are the one
who's causing all of this.
What did I do?
What do you know?
I just want to warn you.
Before you do something more terrible.
Something more terrible?
You know what, Lilin?
Before,
I asked them to stop as well.
Do you know…
what they did to me?
They treated me like an animal.
An animal that didn't deserve to live.
What a shame...
that you weren't there.
Otherwise,
maybe you could have
begged them not to hurt me.
Like you are trying to do now.
There is a rumor going around
that people in the Cheer Club
use black magic on each other.
Yes, I heard that too.
They must be jealous of each other.
Who would want to be around them, right?
-Shit.
Nat.
I'm bringing you all of these
for your protection.
Keep them.
Nat.
I have so many of them.
Just have a look first.
Luang Pu Rod's money cowry.
Luang Por Uttama's beads.
And I also have this, this is the best,
Luang Pu Pring's candy.
You might not believe in them,
but just keep them in your bag.
Will you just leave me the hell alone?
Your ship is fucking dead.
I'm straight, I'm not gay.
Hey, Dan.
Hey, there.
I heard you had a rough one with Nat.
How are you?
I feel numb.
If it had been someone else,
I would have fought back.
Come on now. I mean…
Everybody is stressed out at the moment.
If you really love him
and admire him,
just keep at it.
Don't expect anything in return.
You are such a saint.
Of course I am.
I want to give you a medal.
Don't worry.
Keep it up.
Are we here?
Yes, we are.
I fell asleep.
I should go.
Okay.
See you.
-See you tomorrow.
-Yes.
-Bye-bye.
-Bye.
If you have magic,
then fight me.
Fight me.
Please stop, Praewa.
Before you do something more terrible.
Brave, do you think it's strange?
Things happened one after another,
with Kin, Ping, and then Professor Pat.
It may just be a coincidence.
Things like this
can happen.
I don't know.
I don't feel right.
Don't think too much, Aya.
We haven't had sex in a while.
No.
Brave.
Brave, I said no.
What's wrong with you?
Why are you bothered by it?
Of course I'm bothered.
You don't understand.
You didn't see what I saw.
And I'm not like you,
who still gets turned on
even when bad shit happens.
Hello.
Did you book someone?
No.
-I see.
-It's my first time.
It's all right.
I'll give you recommendations.
Here.
This is Fah.
She's petite and cute.
She can give you a therapeutic massage.
This is Melon.
Pretty and talkative.
Very strong.
This is our new girl, Som-O.
Her skin is fair and smooth.
She's very gentle.
She gives a gentle massage.
Tell me which one you want.
SOM-O
Aren't you naughty!
Your name is a fruit.
Just want to see how juicy you are.
Hey.
I knew it.
I thought you looked familiar.
What prank are you trying to pull?
I'm not.
You are handsome.
And in terms of performance,
you're no slouch either.
What performance?
Stop pretending.
I recognize you.
Pretending what?
Wait a moment.
Here.
CHEERLEADER FROM A TOP UNIVERSITY
WITH A HOT GIRL
Shit.
Where did you get this?
Come on.
People in the VIP group shared them,
and they were passed around.
This one is the latest.
But there are more clips from before.
I'm a fan.
HOT VIP CLIPS
You are hot.
-How are you, Lilin?
-Lin.
I'm feeling better.
I just have a little headache now.
What happened?
Is it Praewa again?
First Professor Pat,
and now Lilin.
Why is Praewa attacking people
that weren't involved?
Maybe…
Praewa wants
to hurt everyone in the Cheer Club.
I should go check up on Nat.
I have a bad feeling.
Khaimook.
Damn it.
KHAIMOOK
Shit.
-Hello?
-Hi.
Your relative is here,
waiting for you downstairs.
-My relative?
-Yes.
He says he's from out of town.
It's something urgent.
Okay.
Asshole, what the fuck?
-What the fuck did you do?
-What did I do?
You didn't lose your phone.
-What are you talking about?
-So you lied...
and forgot about it, you bastard?
What are you talking about?
I don't understand.
What did you do with my clips?
What are you talking about?
Explain this to me.
I lost my phone.
You know that.
I'm not stupid.
These clips were shared
before this thing with Praewa started.
So they were already leaked
before you lost your phone.
I trusted you.
You were my best friend.
How could you do this to me?
How?
Why did you do it?
I'm asking why you did it!
Yes, it was me who shared your clips.
I needed money.
But it was you
who sent me those clips.
You needed money?
That's a fucking lame excuse.
Brave,
watch me.
When I share this clip,
you'll be in deep shit.
Hey, I have a new clip.
Call it the sex tape of the year.
Stop talking.
Send it to me right away.
If it's good, I'll give you good money.
I assure you it's good.
Because this is the full version
of the last clip
where everyone wants to know
who the girl is.
Hurry up and send it.
If you send it now,
you get your money right away.
Of course.
AE
I HAVE MORE WHERE THAT CAME FROM
Shit!
What the fuck?
Hi, Nat.
All the shit that happened,
you were the one behind it, weren't you?
Nat.
Let me ask you this...
Do you really think all of this happened
because of me?
I was minding my own business.
Wasn't it you guys
that did all that shit
and blamed it on me?
I really want to know
how much money a good guy like you
has made off your friends.
What are you talking about?
You know
that girl in the clip isn't me.
I'll give you a chance
to tell me who that girl is.
Why are you asking me?
I wasn't the one who banged her.
If you want to know,
why don't you go ask Brave?
I don't know.
Wasn't it this hand
that shared that fucking clip?
So you're also protecting
the girl in the clip.
I really want to know
who that bitch is
and why you would go to all the trouble
of putting a death curse on me
to shut me up!
What do you mean?
Who put a death curse on you?
I don't know.
You should go after them, then.
Look at you.
You keep saying that you don't know.
And if you don't know,
then you are no use to me.
What should I do with you?
If you hurt me,
you will never know the truth.
Really?
Really, Nat?
Tell me.
Damn.
How did you do it?
I don't know.
But it was pretty easy.
Wow.
I salute you.
Grand master.
Give me a review.
How is this one?
Ten for the body.
But as for the performance,
she's got a lot to learn.
Anyway, I want to give her another lesson.
Damn.
I have to give it to you this time.
Next time, it'll be my turn.
Bring it on.
I sent it to you.
IF IT'S NOT GOOD, I WON'T PAY
Hey, man.
I just sent it.
This is just a teaser.
I have the full clip.
Just send me the money first.
Okay?
Okay.
TRANSFER DEPOSIT: 20,000
BALANCE: 20,003
Really?
All right!
All right, I'll tell you!
I'll tell you right now.
The girl in the clip…
is…
Nat!
-Shit. How did he score?
-Damn it.
He swung from the right.
Who's that?
Hello, pizza delivery.
I didn't order pizza.
Nat, did you order?
No, I didn't.
Room 1325, this is the right place,
and it's already been paid for.
Okay then, we'll take it.
-What's going on?
-I don't know. Whose is it?
-Free pizza.
-How come we got pizza?
-Just eat.
-Yes.
What are we waiting for?
Subtitle translation by
Thanatcha Saksiamkul